Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Right now
terrorists are plotting to assassinate
a presidential candidate.
My wife and daughter have been targeted
and people that I work with may be
involved in both.
I'm Federal Agent Jack Bauer
and today is the longest day of my llfe.
First time you invited me back here,
you left your keys in my car.
It was pouring rain.
We didn't want to run back, so...
...we used your hide-a-key.
What do I do?
I don't know what to do.
- I don't know what the code is.
- Just take your time. it'll come to you.
Just make this stop!
Hello?
This is Superior Alarm.
Could you please turn this off?
I need your password.
Ma'am, what is your password?
I don't know the password.
Are you having an emergency?
Alan Morgan, Saugus.
Got it. All right, thanks.
Jack.
His name was Alan Morgan.
He works for Pacific Electric in Saugus.
Saugus?
He was paid off by Alexis to kill
the power in part of the grid.
- Did you get the coordinates? 26, GG.
- GG, yes.
We need to know where that is.
Okay. Should I stick around?
No. Get a hold of me
when you have something.
- See you back at the office.
- Thank you.
None of these are working.
Superior Alarm. Stay where you are.
Please.
This woman lives here.
She forgot her code.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Teri Bauer?
- Yes.
Do you have any ID?
Sure.
It's probably in my purse. I'll go check.
No ID necessary.
You obviously live here.
She just couldn't remember her code.
I don't usually set it.
- My daughter must have.
- It's all right. Just sign this.
Okay. I'm going to reset the alarm...
...and check the contacts
outside the house.
- That should take about 15 minutes.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
Nice. Have you noticed...
...how there's always a body count
everywhere you go?
I gave Hanlin clear orders not to shoot.
- Where'd he go?
- He's over there.
- Bauer.
- Jack, it's David Palmer.
Yes, Senator?
I just heard back from my source
at the Pentagon.
It wasn't easy to get a hold
of the missing Drazen file.
- What was in it?
- Dates and locations.
It seems to relate to the last months
of Victor Drazen's life.
- Anything we can use?
- Maybe.
The last entry is an address unrelated
to everything else.
What is it?
21911 Kipling...
...in a city called Saugus.
I don't know where that is.
I'm sorry, Senator.
Did you just say "Saugus"?
Does that mean anything?
Yes. I'll get back to you.
Thank you. This is going to help.
All right.
CTU. Almeida.
- Tony, take down this address for me.
- Go ahead.
21911 Kipling Avenue in Saugus.
It should be in the grid coordinates
Nina just gave you.
All right, hang on.
Yes, you're right.
It's right in the middle of Sector 26, GG.
Find out what's there.
Get back to me on my cell.
All right.
Where you headed?
I'm going to Saugus.
Alexis paid this guy to knock the power out
at one address there.
- I want to know why.
- Slow down, Jack.
I'm on your side. Fill me in.
Two and a half hours ago...
...Robert Ellis was killed in New Orleans...
...because he almost learned this address.
We got the address from the Drazen file.
The Senator just gave it to me.
- Let's go.
- What do you mean, "let's"?
If you want to go, I'm your chaperone.
You want a ride?
Yes.
Hop in.
- Where's my brother?
- I don't know.
If I don't have that money in 20 minutes...
I told you, we split up.
He said he'd meet me here
with the payoff from Gaines.
If I was ripping you off,
why would I come back here?
Damn it!
- Where you going?
- Don't worry.
- What are you doing?
- I'm not waiting to get killed.
- You're not leaving.
- Melanie!
She'll tell the police about the deal.
I don't care about the deal.
I thought you'd help me find my mom.
- But obviously that was dumb.
- You came here for Rick.
- I did not.
- Kim, don't worry about her. Just leave.
What do you mean
don't worry about me?
- Come with me.
- I can't.
It'll be better out there than in here.
You heard Frank.
Nobody goes anywhere until Dan gets back.
Dan is not coming back.
What do you mean?
I don't know, I just...
- What do you mean?
- I just...
- Leave her alone.
- Where is he?
He's dead.
What are you talking about?
Gaines killed him.
He was going to kill me, too.
I swear to God, Frank.
This guy, Gaines, was out of control.
- Who's got the money now?
- Nobody.
Gaines never paid us.
These guys are going to be here
in a half an hour.
These are not the kind of guys
you can break a deal with.
- Then call it off.
- It's too late to call it off!
What are you going to say
down there today?
- He's going to tell the truth.
- Don't you start, Keith.
- You've caused enough pain.
- Sherry!
I'm sorry, David, but somebody
has to say the words.
This whole thing wouldn't have started
if Keith hadn't decided...
...to take matters into his own hands.
Listen to me.
Nobody's defending what Keith did.
He acted on the moment.
It wasn't right.
That doesn't make you right
for covering it up.
Doesn't make me rlght for not being there.
So we're all to blame.
Let's just leave it at that.
That's right, Mom.
I'm willing to pay the price for this.
Even if it means going to jail.
You still think this is just about you,
don't you?
When are you going to get it
through your head...
...that your father is running
for President of the United States?
A black man.
You don't just decide
to ease your conscience...
...at the cost of what might be best
for this country.
- I didn't, Mom.
- Both of you, calm down.
I kept it inside.
I was willing to suck it up
for as long as it took.
But someone murdered Dr. Ferragamo
this morning...
...and you can't tell me to hide that
for the good of the country.
You know what?
I never saw it until just this minute.
You're your father's son.
You cover up your weakness with a bunch
of bleeding-heart sentimentality.
- That's enough.
- Am I wrong?
When are you going to be man enough
to do what it takes to be President?
Nicole, are you okay?
- What's wrong? Honey?
- Nicole!
Keith, get me some water.
Come on.
We need a doctor in here.
Easy, relax.
Come here. Give me your hands.
I'm so sorry, Daddy.
What? Sorry about what?
Honey, talk to me.
This is all my fault.
Don't you ever say that.
No, sweetheart, don't you say that.
Everything's going to be fine.
- I'm sorry, Daddy.
- No, honey.
I'm sorry.
I just got in.
I've got some more info
on that location in Saugus.
Okay, hold on.
Okay, go.
Comes up as a wildlife preserve.
Great, we're going to
a Sierra Club meeting.
Who's with you?
Mason. A wildlife preserve in Saugus?
That doesn't make sense. Saugus is
industrial. What about GPS maps?
I've got three on the way.
Good work. We'll call you
when we find out what's out there.
Yeah, okay.
Correct me if I'm wrong...
...but what this day
boils down to is a personal vendetta...
...against you and Palmer
by the family of Vlctor Drazen?
Yes. Palmer authorized the mission.
I carried it out.
Today is the second anniversary
of Victor Drazen's death.
Happy anniversary.
What is it we're expecting to find
out here in Saugus?
I don't know yet.
I got to tell you, Jack,
it never gets dull with you.
Yeah.
Look, for what it's worth,
I'm sorry about last night.
What, shooting me in the leg with a tranq?
Don't give it a second thought.
Needless to say, I was pretty wound up.
I feel a lot better now though,
knowing my family is safe.
What's the matter?
I'm just beat, you know?
I could use a little sleep.
Tell me about it.
How you doing?
I don't know.
Everything looks familiar,
but I don't understand any of it.
I don't feel anything and I should,
shouldn't I?
No, not yet.
Sometimes music
can help unlock memories.
- Did you ever meet Kim?
- No.
You didn't want her to know
you were seeing anyone.
You said she was taking Jack's side
in the separation...
...and you didn't want her
to be angrier with you.
Why did my husband, Jack...
Why did Jack leave me?
You asked him to.
You told me he was too removed.
There was no connection
between you two anymore.
How about you and I?
I thought there was one.
But what, I didn't?
Truth is, I think you did.
But you were scared.
You didn't want to lose your family.
When Jack asked to move back in,
you let him.
- It's funny.
- What?
I don't remember you at all.
But...
...being with you makes me feel good,
and maybe I don't feel so scared.
Thank you for doing this, Phil.
The truck come through?
I hope not.
No, just park in the back.
Just sit tight.
I can't stay here. I need to find my mom.
I don't know how to get you out.
- I'll make a run for it.
- I wouldn't. Frank's a psycho.
You don't want to cross him.
- I'm going to go.
- No.
Hey! No. Get in the kitchen.
Come on in, man.
You, be careful.
No, he's cool.
Come on. It's all right.
Let's see it.
Yes. That's what I'm talking about.
- Are these the guys with the ecstasy?
- No, they're friends of mine.
- What are you going to do?
- What does it look like?
Can't pay the dealer without money.
- You're going to rip them off?
- Yes.
Thank you.
- Are you all right, honey?
- I'm absolutely fine.
Good.
Go ahead. They're waiting for you.
Okay.
I'm going to head down now.
This is a test for us.
If we love each other...
...support each other...
...nothing else will matter.
Sherry?
I need you now more than ever.
I've always liked this tie on you, David.
Senator?
It's time.
Anything look familiar?
It's weird looking at what I did
for the last couple of months.
It doesn't mean anything to me.
"Yvonne's birthday.
"Kim in Cambria for the weekend.
"Dinner with Phil.
"Ivy at the shore."
Was it nice?
Well, the wait was over an hour, so...
...we decided to walk down the pier
and have some hot dogs.
And you beat me in air hockey.
Air hockey?
What's in there for today?
Nothing.
Yesterday, I had a conference call
with Kitty, whoever that is.
She's a friend of yours.
You work with her sometimes.
You do commercial interior design.
It's just freelance right now...
...but you want to expand
when Kim goes to college.
Why do I sort of remember air hockey...
...but I can't remember what I do
for a living?
Maybe that's Jack.
No, he wouldn't ring the bell.
It's probably my friend Chris, remember?
I told you I wanted someone here,
to be on the safe side.
Yes.
Stay here just in case.
- Teri, this is Chris.
- Hi.
- Why does he have a gun?
- He's here to protect us.
I don't care.
Get that gun out of the house.
Chris, will you just give us
a minute, okay?
- Sure.
- Thanks.
Chris is a friend of mine. I called him.
That doesn't mean anything to me.
I don't know who you are.
I don't know who he is.
- I don't want any guns.
- Okay, I'll tell him to stay outside.
Is that okay?
But we need him here, just in case.
Your husband could have been
the one who roughed you up.
I want you safe.
Teri, look at me.
Look at me.
I'm your friend.
You trust me.
You told me so yourself.
You're going to have
to trust my judgment.
Okay.
What's going on over there?
The wife is here.
- And the daughter?
- No.
What are you waiting for?
There's a little interference,
but it will pass soon.
- Did you find Alexis?
- Not yet.
- Call me when it's done.
- Yes.
Ladies and gentlemen of the
press, please take your seats now.
Senator Palmer is just about here.
We will begin.
Senator Palmer?
Last night, I received a phone call
regarding my son, Keith...
...and my daughter, Nicole.
That call has unfortunately set off
a chain of events...
...that has culminated
in a terrlble tragedy.
Whether or not what I have to say
jeopardizes my campaign...
...Is for the voters to decide.
I'm doing this for my family.
A large portion of the financial
support for my campaign...
...comes from a group of businessmen
rlght here in Los Angeles.
Every presidential campaign relies on
these monetary...
I'll take care of it.
Too late, Carl.
I have apparently misjudged
these local businessmen.
More Importantly,
they have misjudged me.
How it was acquired,
I am not at liberty to say.
I've already handed this incriminating tape
over to the Justice Department.
Whether or not it's admisslble in court...
...It will stlll implicate the men
who have been supporting my campaign.
I'll emphaslze again...
...that these men acted
without my consent or my knowledge.
As for my son, Keith...
...he is prepared to turn himself in
and face whatever consequences...
...a grand jury deems necessary.
He is my son, and I love him...
...and I will stand by him.
I am confident that
when presented with the facts...
...It will be clear that there was
no criminal intent or wrongdoing.
He will only be guilty
of not reporting an accident.
As for my daughter, Nicole...
...It is important
for everyone to remember...
...she was a victim of a horrible crime.
A physical and psychological crime.
She is not a source of information.
This is about a cover-up
of an accidental death.
This is not about rape.
So, I am asking you now as a father,
please find your humanity...
...and spare Nicole the indignity
of having to relive this nightmare.
After that, we lost track of both of them.
How long have you known this?
- Why didn't you tell me? Does Jack know?
- Nina.
Not that I'm aware of.
- Did you know the safe house was hit?
- Relax, okay?
Tony, answer me.
- Yes, I knew.
- Why didn't you tell me?
Mason didn't want you to know
because he didn't want you to tell Jack.
His family is missing.
Shouldn't he know that?
Yes. I'm with you on this.
Mason gave the order, all right?
He's deployed resources.
He's called locals to help find them.
You should have told me.
You work for me.
And you work for Mason.
This is my fault.
I should never have left Teri and Kim.
Nina, you're not a field agent, all right?
- What could you have done?
- Jack needs to know.
Mason.
George, have you told Jack
about his family yet?
No. We're not there yet.
You can't do this. You have to tell him.
Why not let him know so he can help us
find them?
They're exposed.
If Drazen's people find them first...
That's a good idea.
Listen to me, George.
If anything happens,
he's going to hold you responsible.
You better think about that.
I will. Let me know
if you have any progress.
George!
Nina.
Jack, my battery just died.
Can I use your phone for a second?
Yes, sure.
Thanks.
Yes, it's me.
All I want to say is keep the backup units
on standby, all right?
The customer you are trying
to call is unavallable.
- Okay.
- I've got a signal.
- What did Nina have to say?
- She was just checking our location.
What does the GPS say?
It's saying the address is right up ahead.
I know the whole thing was hush-hush,
but who exactly was Victor Drazen?
Victor Drazen was Milosevic's shadow.
He was in charge
of all of his covert operations.
He was responsible for organizing
all the ethnic cleansing campaigns...
...in Kosovo, Sarajevo and Bosnia.
- Your unit took him out?
- That's right.
- You rolled the whole deal up?
- Yes.
Who do you think
would have the influence...
...to be able to run an operation like this?
My guess would be Serbian military
exiles. They could pull this off.
Somehow, Alexis and Andre pulled together
a cell without us knowing.
It's a hell of a cell...
...being able to infiltrate the CTU,
turn Jamey.
Yes, it's hard to believe
that Jamey could move so freely...
...to work against us
without some kind of umbrella.
Any ideas on why the Serbs would want
to spend this much money...
...to turn the power off
in the middle of the woods?
No.
Look, a power transformer.
The lock on it's new.
Why would this be designated
as a wildlife sanctuary?
I mean, think about it.
There's no water. No water, no wetlands.
No wetlands, no birds, no animals.
No nothing as far as I can make out.
Here they are, man.
Let's get ready.
Right on time. I like that.
Who the hell is this?
Just some friends of mine.
Don't worry about it.
How do you know Frankie?
I'm a friend of Rick's.
Who's Rick?
I am.
What happened to you?
Are we going to play "20 questions"
or do some business?
I just want to know who's in the room.
Is that a problem?
No, man. Knock yourself out.
Get a medical history and a urine sample
for all I care.
Let's just get on with it, come on.
Fine, let's do this. You got cash, Frankie?
I got what you need. Don't worry.
Let's see the E first.
Pure MDMA. No caffeine.
- Want to check it?
- No, man, I trust you.
All right, homey.
Where's the money?
Did you hear that?
This guy called me "homey."
I got your money.
It's right here.
Stand down!
Come on, homey.
Stand down, or you're eating one.
Pull that trigger
and you're going down, too.
Just do him!
Everybody chill out, man.
It's all cool. Put the guns down, all right?
Put them down nice and easy.
Going down. Let's go.
See what else they got on them, man.
All this because you couldn't keep
my brother alive?
They might not have registered
with their real names.
No. Just use the description
that we sent you, okay?
We'll do our best.
- You checking the hospitals?
- Yes.
I don't understand
how Teri and Kim just disappeared.
It might be a good thing, you know?
If Drazen's people had them,
we would have heard about it by now.
After all, Jack and Palmer
are the primary targets.
What about Jack's house?
I sent Williams over,
but I'll call and check.
- And Kim's phone call?
- We traced it to a phone booth.
We're checking the whole area.
Nina, we're doing everything we can,
all right?
Are you?
What are you going to do now, man?
You're going to kill us?
Yes.
I'll kill you...
...if I ever see you again.
You should get that stitched.
How's that for a nose job?
It's pretty good. Yes, I like that.
Frankie?
What's that, homey?
Speak up.
You have the right to remain silent.
Put them down!
Right now! Drop the gun now!
Arrest all of them.
Please, don't do this.
We didn't do anything.
We're not a part of this.
- Arms up.
- Up against the wall.
Let me have your handy.
This is Krugman. We got a code four.
One suspect down. Five being booked.
I think I got a broken nose.
Look, I'll say it again.
I bear full responsibility
for not knowing about it.
A senator's duty, a president's duty...
...an elected representative's duty
is not only to his country...
...but also to his family.
If he cannot manage the interactions of
the people close to him...
...then he can't expect the electorate
to believe in his ability to lead a nation.
I don't deny I made a mistake.
A serious one.
I only ask you to consider...
...that I am not the flrst person
in public office to make one.
Thank you.
Senator Palmer?
Senator?
I love you, Dad.
I love you, son.
This is Emily. She's 11.
And this is Jennifer. She just turned 9.
- I didn't meet them?
- No.
We decided to leave everyone else out of it
until you were sure what you wanted.
I'll get it.
She made this for me.
You want milk or sugar in it?
Yes.
Phil, I think I'm remembering something.
Really? I'll be right there.
- Restroom?
- Right down the hall.
Oh, my God.
Where's the girl?
Your daughter, where is she?
I don't know.
Tell me where she is...
...and I'll make this painless
for both of you, I promise.
I don't know.
Fine.
Oh, my God.
Teri? Step away. Move away, Teri.
Teri, step away, please.
The car. Oh, my God. The car.
I lost Kimmy. No...
Teri? Teri, it's okay. You're safe.
I lost my baby, Kim.
Teri?
Oh, my God.
GPS says this is it.
Right.
What is that, reconnaissance?
Someone knows we're here.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org